won Belichick. Strategies are dying person four walls. One strategy that
is dying out that on arrival is as I say, what they do, you know,
your team, your shift. Everyone's gonna know. Oh, you know, the power
never falls through the 2nd 2nd I've always is nothing. Expect what
you get s So you know this this end of the end of all deal with it.
You know, I'm just going to order you to do something. Move at the
same time, there is a time and place for that in the Marines and work
out a deal. Yeah, it's not that. All right, now, uh, not where you're
not sure that you shot at. That's not gonna flow. So the best
thing you could do is understand your mission. I understand the technology.
Understand your capability to fight the mission that we'll know
that we hope you get tradition